ALL RIGHT, NO PEEKING.
NO PEEKING.
NO PEEKING!
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT,
BUT YOU'D BETTER
BE WEARING CLOTHES
WHEN I OPEN MY EYES.
ALL RIGHT.
OPEN YOUR EYES.
SWEET MOTHER OF ALL
THAT IS GOOD AND PURE.
DAYS OF OUR LIVES
PICKED UP MY OPTION.
CONGRATULATIONS!
I KNOW.
NOW WE CAN FINALLY WATCH
GREEN ACRES THE WAY
IT WAS MEANT TO BE SEEN.
SO, UH...
WHICH ONE IS MINE?
WHICHEVER ONE YOU WANT, MAN.
WHICHEVER ONE YOU WANT.
NOT THAT ONE.
OH, YES.
OH, YEAH,
THAT'S THE STUFF.
DO WE DARE?
WE DARE.
AH...
AH... AH...
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
I CAN'T BELIEVE TWO COWS
MADE THE ULTIMATE SACRIFICE
SO YOU GUYS COULD WATCH
TV WITH YOUR FEET UP.
THEY WERE
CHAIR-SHAPED COWS.
THEY NEVER WOULD HAVE
SURVIVED IN THE WILD.
THAT SCREEN IS AMAZING.
DICK VAN DYKE IS
PRACTICALLY LIFE-SIZE.
( gasping )
ROSE MARIE REALLY BELONGS ON
A SMALLER SCREEN, DOESN'T SHE?
HI, YOU GUYS.
HEY.
HEY, YOU.
HEY, YO.
WHOA, HEY.
SO, UH, HOW WAS YOUR DAY?
OH, YOU KNOW,
PRETTY MUCH THE USUAL.
SUN SHINING,
BIRDS CHIRPING.
REALLY? MINE TOO.
HEY, COOL, MINE TOO.
( pager beeping )
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
I GOT TO GET TO THE MUSEUM.
SO, UM...
I'LL SEE YOU TONIGHT?
OKAY.
BYE, GUYS.
BYE.
TONIGHT?
Both:
HEY, YO, HEY, YO.
WHAT'S TONIGHT?
IT IS OUR FIRST
OFFICIAL DATE.
OUR FIRST DATE.
HELLO?
HI.
TONIGHT YOU'RE SUPPOSED
TO WAITRESS FOR ME.
MY CATERING THING?
ANY OF THOSE WORDS
TRIGGER ANYTHING FOR YOU?
OH, GOD, MONICA, I FORGOT.
THIS IS OUR FIRST DATE.
YES, BUT MY MOM
GOT ME THIS JOB.
I CAN BE A WAITRESS.
I CAN BE A WAITRESS!
THANK YOU, THANK YOU,
THANK YOU, THANK YOU.
SEE? PHOEBE?
REALLY, PHEEBS?
BECAUSE YOU'D HAVE
TO BE AN ACTUAL WAITRESS.
THIS CAN'T BE LIKE YOUR
"I CAN BE A BEAR CUB" THING.
I CAN BE A WAITRESS.
OKAY, WATCH THIS.
GIVE ME TWO NUMBER ONES,
86 THE BACON
ONE ADAM AND EVE ON A RAFT
AND WRECK 'EM.
♪ LA-LA LA-LA-LA,
LA-LA LA-LA-LA ♪
( buzzing )
IT'S JAMES BOND.
SORRY WE'RE LATE.
THAT'S OKAY. COME ON IN.
I'M SORRY,
IS MONICA GELLER COMING?
I WAS TOLD SHE WAS.
DR. BURKE, IT'S ME.
MONICA?
MY GOD!
YOU USED TO BE SO...
I MEAN YOU...
YOU MUST HAVE LOST LIKE...
YOU LOOK GREAT.
THANK YOU.
THIS IS MY FRIEND PHOEBE.
SHE'S GOING TO BE
HELPING ME TONIGHT.
HI, PHOEBE.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
( giggling )
SO HOW'VE YOU BEEN?
I'VE BEEN GREAT.
JUST GREAT.
HOW'VE YOU BEEN?
OH, WELL, OBVIOUSLY,
BARBARA AND I SPLIT UP
OTHERWISE, YOU WOULDN'T
HAVE DONE THE HEAD TILT.
THE HEAD TILT?
YEAH.
SINCE THE DIVORCE,
WHEN ANYBODY ASKS ME HOW I AM
IT'S ALWAYS WITH
A SYMPATHETIC HEAD TILT.
"HOW YOU DOING?
YOU OKAY?"
I'M SORRY.
NO, NO.
IT'S FINE.
BELIEVE ME, I DO IT TOO.
I ALWAYS ANSWER WITH
THE "I'M OKAY" HEAD BOB.
"I'M OKAY."
"YOU SURE?"
"YEAH, I'M FINE."
I GOT TO SET UP THE MUSIC.
I GOT A NEW CD CHANGER.
OF COURSE THE DIVORCE
ONLY LEFT ME WITH
FOUR CDs TO CHANGE.
OH.
THAT'S TOO BAD.
I'LL SURVIVE.
...to the reverse.
UH, TWO LARGES,
EXTRA CHEESE ON BOTH.
BUT LISTEN, DON'T RING
THE BUZZER FOR 19.
RING 20-- GELLER/GREEN.
THEY'LL LET YOU IN, OKAY?
IF YOU BUZZ OUR DOOR,
THERE'S NO TIP FOR YOU.
OKAY, THANKS.
PIZZA'S ON THE WAY.
I TOLD YOU WE WOULDN'T
HAVE TO GET UP.
WHAT IF WE HAVE TO PEE?
I'LL CANCEL THE SODAS.
YOU'VE GOT TO GET
BACK OUT THERE.
IT'S YOUR PARTY.
BUT THEY'RE SO DULL.
THEY'RE ALL
OPHTHALMOLOGISTS.
YOU'RE AN OPHTHALMOLOGIST.
ONLY BECAUSE MY PARENTS
WANTED ME TO BE.
I WANTED TO BE A SHERIFF.
THAT'S FUNNY.
CADILLAC-- CATARACT.
I GET IT. NO, I GET IT.
NO, YOU STAY OUT THERE!
YOU SEE?
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT.
I'LL COME GET YOU
IN FIVE MINUTES
WITH SOME SORT
OF... KABOB EMERGENCY.
OKAY.
YOU BETTER.
OH, GOD, HERE WE GO.
HEY, WANT
TO SEE THEM GO NUTS?
WATCH THIS.
WHO NEEDS GLASSES?
( laughter )
YOU ARE SO SMITTEN.
I AM NOT.
OH, YOU ARE SO MUCH
THE SMITTEN KITTEN.
YOU SHOULD ASK HIM OUT.
DR. BURKE?
I DON'T THINK SO.
I MEAN, LIKE,
HE'S A GROWNUP.
SO?
YOU TWO ARE TOTALLY
INTO EACH OTHER.
PHOEBE, HE'S A FRIEND
OF MY PARENTS.
HE'S LIKE 20 YEARS
OLDER THAN ME.
SO YOU'RE JUST
NEVER GOING TO SEE HIM AGAIN?
NOT NEVER.
I MEAN, I'M GOING
TO SEE HIM TOMORROW
AT MY EYE APPOINTMENT.
DIDN'T YOU JUST
GET YOUR EYES CHECKED?
WELL, YEAH. BUT,
YOU KNOW, 27 IS A...
DANGEROUS EYE AGE.
COME ON. I'M NOT SAYING
IT WAS A BAD MOVIE.
I'M JUST SAYING
IT WAS A LITTLE...
HARD TO FOLLOW.
I TOLD YOU THERE WERE GOING
TO BE SUBTITLES.
I KNOW.
I JUST DIDN'T WANT
TO WEAR MY GLASSES
ON OUR FIRST DATE.
OH.
MONICA?
IT WOULD REALLY HELP
WHEN I'M KISSING YOU
IF YOU DIDN'T SHOUT OUT
MY SISTER'S NAME.
HONEY, I'M JUST CHECKING.
MONICA?
MON?
( giggling )
WHAT?
I'M SORRY.
OH, GOD, I'M SORRY.
IT'S JUST THAT WHEN YOU MOVED
YOUR HANDS DOWN TO MY BUTT
IT WAS LIKE, "WHOA, ROSS'S
HANDS ARE ON MY BUTT."
SORRY.
AND THAT'S FUNNY... WHY?
WELL, IT'S NOT.
I MEAN, I'M SORRY.
I GUESS I'M JUST NERVOUS.
I MEAN, IT'S YOU.
YOU KNOW, IT'S US.
I MEAN, WE'RE
CROSSING THAT LINE.
IT'S SORT OF A BIG THING.
WELL, I KNOW IT'S BIG.
I JUST DIDN'T KNOW IT WAS...
HA-HA BIG.
OKAY.
( laughing )
OKAY, MY HANDS WERE
NOWHERE NEAR YOUR BUTT.
I KNOW, I KNOW,
I KNOW, I KNOW.
I WAS JUST THINKING
ABOUT WHEN THEY WERE
THERE THE LAST TIME.
I'M SORRY.
I'M SORRY. I'M SORRY.
OKAY, LOOK, WHOA.
I PROMISE I'M GOOD.
I'M NOT GOING TO LAUGH ANYMORE.
PUT YOUR HANDS BACK ON.
NO, NOW I CAN'T
BECAUSE, UH...
I'M FEELING
TOO SELF-CONSCIOUS.
JUST ONE CHEEK.
NO. THE MOMENT'S GONE.
PUT YOUR HANDS OUT,
AND I'LL BACK UP INTO THEM.
THAT'S ROMANTIC.
Rachel: COME ON. TOUCH IT.
Ross: NO.
COME ON, SQUEEZE IT.
NO.
RUB IT?
COME ON, WOULD YOU
JUST GRAB MY ASS?!
WOW, LOOK AT THAT.
THE CAR IS ON FIRE
YET SOMEHOW,
ITS EXPENSIVE PAINT JOB
IS PROTECTED
BY THE MIRACLE WAX.
YOU KNOW?
YOU GOT A CHEETO
ON YOUR FACE, MAN.
( sniffs )
THANKS.
HEY.
Both: HEY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
AREN'T YOU SUPPOSED
TO BE OUT WITH RACHEL?
THAT WAS 14 HOURS AGO.
SO HOW'D IT GO?
OH... LISTEN,
HAVE YOU EVER BEEN
YOU KNOW, FOOLING AROUND
WITH A GIRL
AND, UH...
SHE STARTED LAUGHING?
YEAH,
BUT, UH, IT WAS 1982
AND MY "FLOCK OF
SEA GULLS" HAIRCUT
WAS TICKLING HER CHIN.
SHE LAUGHED AT YOU?
YEAH. I DON'T KNOW.
I'VE BEEN WANTING THIS
SINCE, LIKE,
NINTH GRADE TYPING
AND I JUST WANT IT
TO BE PERFECT
AND... RIGHT AND...
WHY ISN'T THAT LASER BEAM
CUTTING THROUGH THE PAINT?
IT'S THE MIRACLE WAX.
IT CERTAINLY
IS A MIRACLE.
HI, YOU GUYS.
Both: HEY.
HEY.
HI.
LISTEN, I WAS, UM,
THINKING ABOUT--
CAN YOU GUYS SPEAK UP?
IT'S HARDER FOR US TO HEAR YOU
WHEN YOU LOWER YOUR VOICE.
OKAY, LISTEN, I'M SORRY
ABOUT LAST NIGHT
AND I REALLY WANT
TO MAKE IT UP TO YOU.
NO. YOU... YOU KNOW,
THERE'S NO NEED
TO MAKE IT... HOW?
WELL, I WAS THINKING
MAYBE A, UM...
( clearing throat )
...A ROMANTIC DINNER
WITH, UM, CANDLES AND WINE
AND THEN, UM, MAYBE
GOING BACK TO MY PLACE
FOR, UM...
DESSERT.
HMM. THAT SOUNDS...
I DON'T KNOW... PERFECT.
( banging )
WHAT'S THIS?
CAN YOU GET US
A COUPLE OF BEERS?
I'M GOING TO LOOK
INTO YOUR EYES NOW.
REALLY?
YEAH. THAT'S MY JOB.
OH, RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT. LOOK UP.
LOOK DOWN.
NOW OPEN YOUR EYES,
AND LOOK DOWN.
THAT'S RIGHT.
LOOK INTO THE LIGHT.
NOW LOOK AT ME.
OKAY.
YOUR EYES LOOK GOOD.
THOSE ARE GOOD EYES.
GOOD. THEY FEEL GOOD.
IN MY HEAD.
SO...
IT'S GREAT TO SEE YOU.
YOU TOO.
OKAY. UM...
GOOD-BYE.
DROPS.
WHAT?
DROPS. HERE.
THEY'RE FREE.
THANKS.
SO, I GUESS I'D
BETTER BE GOING.
OH, OKAY. YEAH.
I'LL SEE YOU LATER.
OH, THANKS AGAIN.
OH, UH...
ALL RIGHT, WE HAVE GOT
TO GET YOU LAZY BOYS
OUT OF THESE CHAIRS.
Both:
HEY, WHOA, HEY, WHOA.
( groans )
YOU KNOW, YOU
SHOULD GO OUTSIDE
AND BE WITH THE
THREE-DIMENSIONAL PEOPLE.
NO.
INSIDE GOOD.
OUTSIDE BAD.
YOU GUYS ARE SO PATHETIC.
( rock music )
OH! OH, XANADU!
OH! OH!
SHE'S ONE OF US NOW.
HI, YOU GUYS.
HEY.
All: HEY.
WELL, WE JUST WANTED TO STOP
BY AND, UH, SAY GOOD NIGHT.
All:
GOOD NIGHT.
LOOK AT THAT. THEY WON'T
EVEN TURN THEIR HEADS.
ALL RIGHT, YOU GUYS,
I'M TAKING OFF MY SHIRT.
NAH, SHE'S LYING.
STOP SENDING FOOD
TO OUR APARTMENT.
WHY ARE YOU ALL DRESSED UP?
YOU'RE NOT THE ONLY ONE
WHO HAS A DATE TONIGHT.
WHAT? YOU HAVE A DATE?
WHO WITH?
NO ONE.
COME ON, WHAT'S HIS NAME?
NOTHING.
COME ON, TELL ME.
ALL RIGHT, BUT I'M
VERY EXCITED ABOUT THIS, OKAY?
SO YOU GOT TO PROMISE
YOU WON'T GET
ALL BIG-BROTHERY
AND JUDGMENTAL.
I PROMISE. WHAT?
IT'S RICHARD BURKE.
WHO'S RICHARD BURKE?
DOC..? DR. BURKE?
YOU HAVE A DATE
WITH DR. BURKE?
WHY? WHY? WHY...
SHOULD THAT BOTHER ME?
I-I LOVE THAT MAN.
HE'S LIKE A...
A BROTHER TO DAD.
FOR YOUR INFORMATION,
HE HAPPENS TO BE
ONE OF THE BRIGHTEST
MOST SOPHISTICATED, SEXIEST
MEN I'VE EVER BEEN WITH.
DR. BURKE IS SEXY?
OH, GOD.
ABSOLUTELY.
( pager beeping )
DAMN.
IT'S THE MUSEUM AGAIN.
CAN I..? OH.
YOU KNOW, DR. BURKE
KISSED ME ONCE.
WHEN?
WHEN I WAS SEVEN,
I CRASHED MY BIKE
IN FRONT OF HIS HOUSE
AND TO STOP ME
FROM CRYING, HE KISSED ME
RIGHT HERE.
OH, YOU ARE SO LUCKY.
I KNOW.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
AUSTRALOPITHECUS ISN'T
SUPPOSED TO BE
IN THAT DISPLAY.
NO. NO.
HOMO HABILIS WAS ERECT.
AUSTRALOPITHECUS
WAS NEVER FULL ERECT.
WELL, MAYBE HE WAS NERVOUS.
LOOK. I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS.
LOOK...
HOMO HABILIS HASN'T EVEN
LEARNED HOW TO USE TOOLS YET
AND THEY'VE GOT HIM
HERE WITH CLAY POTS?
WHY DON'T THEY JUST
GIVE HIM A MICROWAVE?
I'M SORRY
THIS IS TAKING SO LONG.
IT'S LONGER THAN I EXPECTED.
WE WILL HAVE DINNER, OKAY?
IT'S OKAY. IT'S FINE.
CARL?
( groans )
OH, WOW.
IS THAT MICHELLE?
YEP.
I'VE NOT SEEN HER SINCE
HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATION.
OH, MY GOD, THAT NIGHT
SHE GOT SO DRUN...
...MOTIONAL.
YOU KNOW, SHE'S HAVING
ANOTHER BABY.
I THOUGHT SHE JUST HAD ONE.
NO, NO. HENRY'S ALMOST TWO.
HE'S TALKING AND EVERYTHING.
HERE.
AW...
YOU KNOW, THE OTHER DAY
HE TOLD ME HE LIKED ME BETTER
THAN HIS OTHER GRANDPA.
NOW, IN ALL FAIRNESS
HIS OTHER GRANDPA'S A DRUNK,
BUT STILL...
OH. YOU'RE A GRANDPA?
YEAH.
ARE WE NUTS HERE?
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE.
I MEAN, I'M DATING A MAN
WHOSE POOL I ONCE PEED IN.
I DIDN'T NEED TO KNOW THAT.
I GUESS 21 YEARS IS A LOT.
I MEAN, HELL, I'M A...
WHOLE PERSON WHO CAN DRINK
OLDER THAN YOU.
YEAH.
SO...
SO MAYBE WE SHOULD JUST...
YEAH.
YEAH, MAYBE.
WOW.
THIS REALLY SUCKS.
YEAH. IT SURE DOES.
WELL, WE DON'T REALLY
HAVE TO DECIDE ANYTHING
RIGHT NOW, DO WE?
NO. NO, THERE'S
RUSH OR ANYTHING.
( knocking )
Man: PIZZA DELIVERY!
OOH, I'M GOING
TO KILL THOSE GUYS.
RACH?
OH!
I'M DONE.
YEAH, WELL, YOU KNOW WHAT?
SO IS SORRENTINO'S.
OKAY. I'M SORRY. LET'S...
WHY DON'T WE FIND
SOMEPLACE ELSE?
NO, YOU KNOW WHAT? IT'S LATE.
EVERYTHING'S GOING TO BE CLOSED.
WHY DON'T WE DO IT
ANOTHER NIGHT?
NO. NO, WE WON'T.
WE WON'T?
COME ON.
OKAY, THAT'S DEAD, RIGHT?
WHAT IS THIS?
WHAT ARE WE DOING?
SHH. DO YOU WANT
CRAN-APPLE OR CRAN-GRAPE?
GRAPE.
( humming )
OKAY, NOW... SIT.
OKAY.
OH, MY GOD.
Man ( loudly ):
Billions of years ago,
the earth was born...
SORRY.
OKAY.
UH... SO, WHAT
ARE WE LOOKING AT?
WELL, YOU SEE THAT..?
THAT LITTLE CLUSTER OF STARS
NEXT TO THE BIG ONE?
THAT IS URSA MAJOR.
REALLY?
NO IDEA.
COULD BE, COULD BE.
LISTEN, I'M SORRY
I HAD TO WORK TONIGHT.
OH, THAT'S OKAY.
YOU WERE WORTH THE WAIT.
AND I DON'T
JUST MEAN TONIGHT.
OOH...
YOU'RE NOT LAUGHING.
THIS TIME IT'S NOT SO FUNNY.
( groaning )
OKAY, LOOSEN THE KNOT.
LOOSEN THE KNOT.
( gasps )
OH, GOD!
OH...
HONEY?
OH, THAT'S OKAY.
WHAT?
OH, NO. YOU JUST ROLLED
OVER THE JUICE BOX.
OH, THANK GOD.
UH....
HI.
HEY, YOU.
I CAN'T BELIEVE I'M
WAKING UP NEXT TO YOU.
I KNOW, IT IS
PRETTY UNBELIEVABLE...
Rachel:
WHAT?
WE'RE NOT ALONE.
( laughing )
Yeah.
( alarm blaring )
IS THAT THE FIRE ALARM?
YEAH.
OH, IT'S NOT WARM YET.
WE STILL HAVE TIME.
COOL.
Yeah, yeah. Cool.